Feat/docs and precommit (#5)
ukhsa-collaboration/mscape-template: README.md

# mscape-template

This repository is a template for creating new repositories containing  
code that will run on mSCAPE. It serves as a guide for code layout  
and files will need amending to fit the repo purpose.  

> As a minimum, mSCAPE repositories should include the following:

Reviewer: I think this list is probably ok to leave in the readme (with branch protections added) but happy to discuss/it to be removed if you think that's better!

Author: Yeah I think remove - Insist on using the SOP with the repo.

> This repository is a template for creating new repositories containing code that will run on mSCAPE. It serves as a

Reviewer: Some of these lines are rendering out quite long now I think? 130+ char

> The guidance documentation contains further information on required repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is guidance documentation including SOPs that contain further information on required repository
```

this guidance document before using the template.

Below the dashed line is a README template to be edited.

---------------------
# Project or Repo Name

Brief description of project here

## Installation

> Add installation instructions here. Ideally include commands to make

Reviewer: Revert formatting to use spaces at end of lines otherwise markdown doesn't render correctly? Lines 27-47

the process as easy as possible for users.

Clone repo and create environment:
`git clone git@github.com:ukhsa-collaboration/project-name.git`

`conda env create -n project-name `

`conda activate project-name`

Installation for users:
`cd project-name`
`pip install .`

Installation for developers (installs code in editable mode):
`cd project-name`
`pip install --editable '.[dev]'`

## Usage

Include command line arguments (e.g. the output displayed when using -h)
for reference. Example commands can also be helpful.
```
project-name --input <path> --output <path>
```

## Inputs (optional - useful if you have a CLI)

You may wish to use a table to list out the args:

> | Argument | Required | Description |

Reviewer: Tidy formatting to make table lines match up?

Author: Nerr, it renders fine

# mscape-template

This repository is a template for creating new repositories containing code that 
will run on mSCAPE. It serves as a guide for code layout and files will need 
amending to fit the repo purpose.

There is guidance documentation including SOPs that contain further information on required repository
structure, development cycles, and making pull requests. Please read

> this guidance document before using the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this guidance documentation before using the template.
```
